README.md, before:

# PasswordMan:-

##### Password Man is a PHP bases password Manager🔏 used to generate Highly secure passwords and Store them to local storage in a encrypted form. To decrypt Passwords later we use a user defined key🔑.

# Utility:-

Password Man is used for Generating and Storing all kinds of Login credentials Securely and in Encrypted form.
The user has to set a Key, this key is used for encrypting new passwords as well as for decrypting Saved Passwords.
Password Man makes it easy to get all passwords by simply remembering the key,
Hence making life easier.
Using Google for Saving passwords is fine, But if you believe in Privacy, then
A Password Manager is must.

# Usage:-

Refer to this documentation [here](https://devfolio.co/projects/passwordman-29d7 "How to use PasswordMan")

# Technologies used:-

- Frontend :- HTML,CSS & JavaScript for UI and Interaction.
- Backend :- PHP 8.1 Because PHP is ❤.

# Flow Chart:-

<img src=":/f0e087e7292d4c3b8820b29c75d61fc6" alt="flow.png" width="693" height="390" class="jop-noMdConv">

# Upgradability:-

Password Man is made with PHP and the Code is maintainable which makes it Future Proof.

New Features That can be added:-

- Face Recognition.
- Fingerprint Unlock
- Cloud Deployed Version
- Desktop/Android Application.

# Download & Installation:-

1.  Currently PasswordMan requires a PHP server, any kind of web server will work but i prefer [XAMPP](https://www.apachefriends.org/download.html "XAMPP Download"), download it from there.
2.  Download the latest release from GitHub repository or use this [Link](https://github.com/ashutosh7i/PasswordMan/releases).
3.  Load the files, Start the server and you are ready to go, PasswordMan will be up and running on your Machine.
4.  (i am working on a standalone version of passwordMan, will complete it soon.
5.  for any problems or issues, create a new Github issue in issues tab.

# Contribution Guidelines:-

Since i support OpenSource, PasswordMan is also opensourced, New Contributions are always welcomed,

But before making a new Contribution, i request you to visit Contribution.md for details.

# Thanks!

Feel free to contact me in case of any problems or suggestions at [Here](https://ashutosh7i.me)

Commit message:

Inital release
1. changed repository structure.
2. modified readme.md
3. created  a release.
4. deployed test version on replit.
5. added contribution guidelines.
6. added documentation.
7. added testlive.md

README.md, after:

# PasswordMan:-

##### Password Man is a PHP bases password Manager🔏 used to generate Highly secure passwords and Store them to local storage in a encrypted form. To decrypt Passwords later we use a user defined key🔑.

# Utility:-

Password Man is used for Generating and Storing all kinds of Login credentials Securely and in Encrypted form.
The user has to set a Key, this key is used for encrypting new passwords as well as for decrypting Saved Passwords.
Password Man makes it easy to get all passwords by simply remembering the key,
Hence making life easier.
Using Google for Saving passwords is fine, But if you believe in Privacy, then
A Password Manager is must.

# Usage:-

Refer to this documentation [here](https://devfolio.co/projects/passwordman-29d7 "How to use PasswordMan")
Test a live deployed Version [here](https://replit.com/@Ashutosh7i/PasswordMan?v=1 "use PasswordMan live")

# Technologies used:-

- Frontend :- HTML,CSS & JavaScript for UI and Interaction.
- Backend :- PHP 8.1 Because PHP is ❤.

# Flow Chart:-

<img src=":/f0e087e7292d4c3b8820b29c75d61fc6" alt="flow.png" width="693" height="390" class="jop-noMdConv">

# Upgradability:-

Password Man is made with PHP and the Code is maintainable which makes it Future Proof.

New Features That can be added:-

- Face Recognition.
- Fingerprint Unlock
- Cloud Deployed Version
- Desktop/Android Application.

# Download & Installation:-

1.  Currently PasswordMan requires a PHP server, any kind of web server will work but i prefer [XAMPP](https://www.apachefriends.org/download.html "XAMPP Download"), download it from there.
2.  Download the latest release from GitHub repository or use this [Link](https://github.com/ashutosh7i/PasswordMan/releases).
4.  Configure your key in index.php file, Default key is-[ TestKey1 ].
3.  Load the files, Start the server and you are ready to go, PasswordMan will be up and running on your Machine.
5.  (i am working on a standalone version of passwordMan, will complete it soon.
6.  for any problems or issues, create a new Github issue in issues tab.

# Contribution Guidelines:-

Since i support OpenSource, PasswordMan is also opensourced, New Contributions are always welcomed,

But before making a new Contribution, i request you to visit Contribution.md for details.

# Thanks!

Feel free to contact me in case of any problems or suggestions at [Here](https://ashutosh7i.me)
